WIP: RFC-10 - Connections (#96)
tango-controls/rfc: 10/RequestReply.md

### Connection management

> The Reqest-Reply protocol SHALL manage client connection to devcie server.

Author: ```suggestion
The Request-Reply protocol SHALL manage client connections to Device Servers.

#### Connection establishement

> * To send any REQUESTS to a Device a Clien MUST connect to a Device Server which runs the Device.  
> * A Device Server SHALL wait for a client connections on one or multiple network endpoints.
> * The network endpoit SHALL define \<network_address\> and \<tcp_port\>, where:
> 
> ... abnf
>  network_address = ip_address / host_name
>  tcp_port = num-val
> ...
> 
> * A Client MAY connect any Device Server on one of Devcie Server's endpoints.
> * If a Client is running on the same host as a Device Server, client MAY use other than
>   network endpoints like operating system inter-process communication mechanism.
> * A Client MAY get information about Device Server's endpoints:
>   * From the Tango Database service, if the service is available,
>   * From command-line parameters,
>   * Other way,
> * The endpoint of Database Devcie Server SHOULD be provided to the Client via the `TANGO_HOST` environment variable defined as follows:
> ... abnf
>  tango_host = network_address ":" tcp_port 
> ...
> 

Author: ```suggestion
* To send any REQUESTS to a Device, a Client MUST connect to the Device Server manging the Device.  
* A Device Server SHALL wait for client connections on one or multiple network endpoints.
* The network endpoint SHALL define \<network_address\> and \<tcp_port\>, where:

... abnf
 network_address = ip_address / host_name
 tcp_port = num-val
...

* A Client MAY connect any Device Server on one of Device Server's endpoints.
* If a Client is running on the same host as a Device Server, the client MAY use other than
  network endpoints like operating system inter-process communication mechanism.
* A Client MAY get information about Device Server's endpoints:
  * From the Tango Database service, if the service is available,
  * From command-line parameters,
  * In another suitable way,
* The endpoint of Database Device Server SHOULD be provided to the Client via the `TANGO_HOST` environment variable defined as follows:
... abnf
 tango_host = network_address ":" tcp_port 
...

```

### Connection management

The Request-Reply protocol SHALL manage client connections to Device Servers.

#### Connection establishement

* To send any REQUESTS to a Device, a Client MUST connect to the Device Server manging the Device.  
* A Device Server SHALL wait for client connections on one or multiple network endpoints.
* The network endpoint SHALL define \<network_address\> and \<tcp_port\>, where:

... abnf
 network_address = ip_address / host_name
 tcp_port = num-val
...

* A Client MAY connect any Device Server on one of Device Server's endpoints.

> * If a Client is running on the same host as a Device Server, the client MAY use other than

Reviewer: This is specific to the CORBA protocol so I would say the way to connect is delegated to the underline protocol. It means that this RFC should say explicitly what is an underline protocol.

Author: So, I propose to remove this point.

> * If a Client is running on the same host as a Device Server, the client MAY use other than
>   network endpoints like operating system inter-process communication mechanism.

Author: ```suggestion
```

* A Client MAY get information about Device Server's endpoints:

>   * From the Tango Database service, if the service is available,

Reviewer: I would rather say that the Tango Database specify the way to get the connection information. Other way have to be specify by the Tango Database RFC.

Author: I look on [the RFC-6](https://github.com/tango-controls/rfc/blob/draft/6/Database.md#exported-devices) and I thinkit is worth to add that the Device Server SHALL call DbExportDevice to publish the endpoint and DbUnExportDevice to unpublish.

Reviewer: Good point! In this case we should emphasis the role of the Device Server to use the  Request-Reply to register the new connection.

  * From command-line parameters,

>   * In another suitable way,

Reviewer: This is not specific enough and can lead to confusion.
